To survive
Also to bring up my son
I changed hands and found Jiang Xiaomi
He told me.
Build yourself a mourning hall
Coffin nails with tens of thousands of words on the back
Pith
Right between yin and yang
Can't find me
Coincidentally
I'm afraid there are magazines Dan
Untie the rope
I think he's a ghost
Unlucky
It's not surprising to be dead
Plus the passengers in the car just make do
Show the undead
It is conceivable that
Sun Yunfei didn't get in the car
People who have accidents on this road
They are all controlled by the evil sin Hundred Diseases River
Right
Within three years
Undead
Because the power of evil trapped them
Cannot be reincarnated
Is there any way to find out about these undead?
The hypnosis is over, I can't help it.
This is Wang Ling's resentment in the world
So it is controlled by evil
We must find their information.
Three years of accident information
No one can find it except the local traffic police
You check these
People will definitely ask you why
Our business can't be seen
People will think you're crazy
We don't have much to do.
My apprentice
Your traffic police are working in the later stage.
I don't know if he can get an assault officer
You are not hypnotized